Short Quiz 1
---------------
1. An array is different from a standard variable in that an array can hold a multitude of different values
2. You declare an empty variable with by just having the brackets and nothing else. EX: var myArray = [];
3. You can access an individual element in an array by specifying it's number starting from 0
4. You use the .length property to determine the number of elements in an array
5. By opening up the console, typing up the array name along with the number, and putting the .value property on the end of it

Short Quiz 2
---------------
1. A counter's role is to provide a way to exit a loop and keep track of the loop's progress
2. A while loop checks to see if the condition is not true before running whereas a do while loop runs the code at least once before checking to see if the condition is not true.
3. That would be a for loop
4. By using the continue statement

Short Quiz 3
---------------
1. It won't execute the code.
2. You can still execute some code if your if statement returns a falsy value.
3. Because sometimes you need to make multiple decisions based on a certain scenario
4. You specify possible values in a switch statement by typing in "case" followed by the value ending with an ":"
5. You should include a break statement at the end of each case label. Because that way you can end each case without any unexpected errors

Review Questions 1-20
------------------------
1. C
2. C
3. A
4. C
5. A
6. B
7. D
8. A
9. D
10. B
11. D
12. A
13. B
14. B
15. D
16. An array can hold many different variables whereas a standard variable can only hold one value at a time
17. document.write(projectTeam[3]); I determined the index value by counting from 0 since that's how computers count
18. An infinite loop is caused because you set a condition but you haven't set up a way for the condition to be false. You can ensure not to cause an infinite loop by having a counter variable and have it increment each time the loop is run until it's greater than the value that you're comparing it too.
19. An else if statement replaces just your standard if/else statements. It is more compact and can make your code easier to read
20. Fallthrough means a situation in which execution of a switch statement does not stop after the statements for a particular case label are executed. You can prevent this by adding a break statement at the end of each of your case statements
  
